=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Chris Weyl GitHub Plugins

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::RSRCHBOY - Zilla your distributions like RSRCHBOY!

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.036 of Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::RSRCHBOY - released March 17, 2013 as part of Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-RSRCHBOY.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # in your dist.ini...
    [@RSRCHBOY]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is RSRCHBOY's current L<Dist::Zilla> dist.ini config for his packages.
He's still figuring this all out, so it's probably wise to not depend on
this being too terribly consistent/sane until the version gets to 1.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 copy_from_build

Returns a list of files that, once built, will be copied back into the root.

=head2 release_plugins

Plugin configuration for public release.

=head2 author_tests

=head2 meta_provider_plugins

Plugins that mess about with what goes into META.*.

=head2 configure

Preps plugin lists / config; see L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::Easy>.

=head2 stopwords

A list of words our POD spell checker should ignore.

=for Pod::Coverage configure

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 sign (boolean; default: true)

On release, use your gpg key to sign the version tag created (if you're using
git) and also generate a SIGNATURE file.

See also L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Signature>.

=head2 tweet (boolean; default: false)

If set to a true value, we'll use L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Twitter> to tweet
when a release occurs.

=head2 github (boolean; default: true)

This enables various GitHub related plugins to update dist and GitHub metadata
automatically.

=head2 install_on_release (boolean; default: true)

After a release, install the distribution locally. Our default install command
is (from inside the built release directory):

    cpanm .

You can change this by setting the C<InstallRelease.install_command> option.

=head1 BUNDLED PLUGIN OPTIONS

It's possible to pass options to our bundled plugins directly:

    ; format is Plugin::Name.option
    [@RSRCHBOY]
    GatherDir.exclude_filename = cpanfile

For information on specific plugins and their options, you should refer to the
plugin's documentation.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Please see those modules/websites for more information related to this module.

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::Easy>

=item *

L<Config::MVP::Slicer>

=back

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/RsrchBoy/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-RSRCHBOY>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/RsrchBoy/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-RSRCHBOY.git>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/RsrchBoy/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-RSRCHBOY/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

